# Bank_Management_System
The project is based on the bank management system. This application is used by the administrator of the bank which will help him to maintain records of the bank. Using this application the administrator can create an account for the user, make deposits in the customer’s account, withdraw amount from the customer’s account and display the passbook details accordingly. The administrator can also delete a user’s account on the customer’s demand. This application has a GUI (graphical user interface) which will make the user easily understand the application and feed data accordingly. The data that is feed in the front end will be stored in the backend. The frontend is created using java(NetBeans) and the backend is created using MySQL. The frontend and backend are connected using java connectivity code. A trigger is a special kind of stored procedure that automatically executes when an event occurs in the database server. It consists of trigger the converts the customer’s name from lower case to upper case. A stored procedure is a set of Structured Query Language (SQL) statements with an assigned name, which are stored in a relational database management system as a group, so it can be reused and shared by multiple programs. It consists of a stored procedure that displays the current balance of the customer when he mensions his aadhar number. Care is taken while creating an account or while making any bank transactions that the balance cannot go below Rs.1000.The applications cautions the user with dialog boxes when the any invalid data is given by the user. It also pops up dialog boxes on successful modifications made on request.
